c:\users\madhur\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\bin\Debug\WebAPIClient.exe.config
c:\users\madhur\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\obj\Debug\WebAPIClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\madhur\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\madhur\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\madhur\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\madhur\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\obj\Debug\WebAPIClient_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\madhur\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\obj\Debug\WebAPIClient.g.resources
c:\users\madhur\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\obj\Debug\WebAPIClient.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\madhur\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\obj\Debug\WebAPIClient.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\madhur\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\bin\Debug\WebAPIClient.exe
c:\users\madhur\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\bin\Debug\WebAPIClient.pdb
c:\users\madhur\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\madhur\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\madhur\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\madhur\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\madhur\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\madhur\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\madhur\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\obj\Debug\WebAPIClient.exe
c:\users\madhur\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\obj\Debug\WebAPIClient.pdb
c:\users\madhur\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\madhur\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\hattn.vn\source\repos\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\bin\Debug\WebAPIClient.exe.config
C:\Users\hattn.vn\source\repos\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\bin\Debug\WebAPIClient.exe
C:\Users\hattn.vn\source\repos\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\bin\Debug\WebAPIClient.pdb
C:\Users\hattn.vn\source\repos\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\hattn.vn\source\repos\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\hattn.vn\source\repos\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\hattn.vn\source\repos\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\hattn.vn\source\repos\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\hattn.vn\source\repos\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\hattn.vn\source\repos\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\hattn.vn\source\repos\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\hattn.vn\source\repos\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\obj\Debug\PopupInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\hattn.vn\source\repos\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\hattn.vn\source\repos\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\obj\Debug\WebAPIClient_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\hattn.vn\source\repos\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\obj\Debug\WebAPIClient_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\hattn.vn\source\repos\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\obj\Debug\PopupInfo.baml
C:\Users\hattn.vn\source\repos\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\obj\Debug\WebAPIClient.g.resources
C:\Users\hattn.vn\source\repos\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\obj\Debug\WebAPIClient.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\hattn.vn\source\repos\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\obj\Debug\WebAPIClient.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\hattn.vn\source\repos\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\obj\Debug\WebAPIClient.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\hattn.vn\source\repos\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\obj\Debug\WebAPIClient.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\hattn.vn\source\repos\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\obj\Debug\WebAPIClient.exe
C:\Users\hattn.vn\source\repos\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\obj\Debug\WebAPIClient.pdb
C:\Users\hattn.vn\source\repos\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\bin\Debug\WebAPIClient.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
C:\Users\hattn.vn\source\repos\WebAPIClient\WebAPIClient\bin\Debug\WebAPIClient.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
